inspector: Pulaski here. You got a minute? Need to ask you about last night. Where were you between 8 and 10?suspect: Well, hello there, Detective. Gigi Monaco here, you know I work the nights at The Velvet Curtain. Last night? Let me think... I was getting ready for my shift at my place till about 8:30, then headed straight to the cabaret. I remember it was foggy as hell, slowed down my drive. I'd say I got to work around 9, give or take. Why do you ask, Pulaski? Something happen?inspector: You see anyone on your way to work? Anyone follow you?

Anything unusual at the cabaret? Anyone new show up? Anyone leave early?suspect: Oh, Pulaski, you know how dead this town can be on a weeknight. I didn't see a soul on my way to work, just the usual fog and the empty streets. If anyone was following me, they'd have to be as quiet as the grave, and I ain't got no time for ghosts.

As for the cabaret, it was the same old song and dance. The usual crowd, no new faces that I can recall. Everyone was in their own little world, nursing their drinks and lost in the music. No one left early, not that I noticed anyway. I was busy doing my thing on stage, you know how it is.

But hey, Pulaski, you're making me nervous with all these questions. What's this all about? You know I ain't got nothing to hide.inspector: You know any of your patrons go by the name 'Johnny'?

Ever see any of your patrons with a distinctive tattoo? A snake swallowing its own tail.

Any of your patrons seem nervous? Anxious?

Don't be nervous, Gigi. Just askin' questions. Routine. So, any Johnny's at the cabaret last night?suspect: Oh, Pulaski, you know there ain't no shortage of Johnny's in this world, but none that I can recall at the cabaret last night. Least not by name. We get all sorts, you know? Some faces I see once, some are regulars, but I ain't great with names, honey.

Now, tattoos, that's another story. I ain't got no snake swallowing its tail, but plenty of the folks that come in have ink. It's the kinda place where people don't mind showing a little skin, you know? But that specific tattoo, it doesn't ring a bell. I'd probably remember something like that, all mysterious and whatnot.

As for anyone seeming nervous or anxious, well, that's just the nature of the beast, ain't it? The Velvet Curtain attracts all types, and some folks just have a lot on their mind. I couldn't tell you if anyone was more jumpy than usual last night. I was too busy belting out my numbers, trying to keep the crowds happy, you know?

But hey, Pulaski, if something's happened, if there's something you're looking into, maybe I can keep an eye out, ask around a bit? You know I'm always happy to help, sweetie. Just don't go thinking I'm mixed up in whatever trouble's brewing. I'm just a singer, trying to make a living in this foggy old town.inspector: What time did you get home last night?

Anyone vouch for that?

You sure you didn't see anything strange on your way home? Any unusual cars, people on the street?

You got any security footage at the cabaret? Inside or outside?suspect: Oh, Pulaski, you know how it is at the cabaret, we keep late hours. I finished my last set around 1:30, stuck around to chat with the regulars, have a drink or two to unwind. I'd say I got home around 3, give or take. The fog was thick as ever, made the drive a bit of a nightmare, but I'm used to it by now.

As for anyone vouching for me, well, you can ask around at The Velvet Curtain. Plenty of folks saw me there, singing my heart out till closing. The bartender, Old Rick, he's a sweetheart, he'll tell you I was there. And the pianist, Slim Fingers, he was with me all night, backing up my numbers. They'll both vouch for me, honey.

As for anything strange on my way home, it was just the usual eerie calm. The fog makes everything look spooky, but I didn't see anything out of the ordinary. No unusual cars, no people lurking in the shadows. Just me and the fog, Pulaski.

Security footage, huh? Well, The Velvet Curtain ain't exactly the high-tech sorta place, you know? We got a camera or two inside, but they're old and mostly for show. I don't think they even work half the time. And outside, there's nothing. We rely on good old-fashioned bouncers to keep an eye on things. But hey, I can ask around, see if anyone noticed something weird. You know I'm always here to help, Pulaski.

But honestly, detective, you're starting to worry me. What's all this about? Something happen after I left? Something I should be worried about? You know I ain't got nothing to hide, but all these questions, they're making me a little anxious, honey. So, what's the scoop, Pulaski? What are you looking into? Maybe I can help shed some light, you know?